README.md, before:

# emuOne
Experimental PlayStation 1 emulator written in C++.

<span>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Built%20with&message=C%2B%2B&color=blue"/>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=License&message=GPLv3&color=blue"/>
</span>
<br/>
<span>
    <a href="https://buymeacoffee.com/antiquecodes" style="text-decoration: none; border: none; outline: 0;">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Support&message=Buy%20Me%20A%20Coffee&color=yellow"/>
    </a>
    <a href="https://paypal.com/paypalme/officialantique" style="text-decoration: none; border: none; outline: 0;">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Support&message=PayPal&color=009cde"/>
    </a>
</span>

## Latest Changes
> 15th January 2023

No changes have been made.

## Previous Changes
> 15th January 2023

No changes have been made.

## Social Media
<span>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Discord&message=Antique%239837&color=blueviolet"/>
  <a href="https://reddit.com/u/antique_codes">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Reddit&message=%40antique_codes&color=red"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://twitch.tv/official_antique">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Twitch&message=official_antique&color=blueviolet"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/antique_codes">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Twitter&message=%40antique_codes&color=blue"/>
  </a>
</span>

Commit message:

Added cpu, cop0 and gte with prepped opcodes

README.md, after:

# emuOne
Experimental PlayStation 1 emulator written in C++.

<span>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Built%20with&message=C%2B%2B&color=blue"/>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=License&message=GPLv3&color=blue"/>
</span>
<br/>
<span>
    <a href="https://buymeacoffee.com/antiquecodes" style="text-decoration: none; border: none; outline: 0;">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Support&message=Buy%20Me%20A%20Coffee&color=yellow"/>
    </a>
    <a href="https://paypal.com/paypalme/officialantique" style="text-decoration: none; border: none; outline: 0;">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Support&message=PayPal&color=009cde"/>
    </a>
</span>

## Latest Changes
> 17th January 2023

- Added CPU, COP0 and GTE.
  - Code is ugly imo and will be improved.
- Added all no$ documented opcodes for CPU and GTE.

## Previous Changes
> 15th January 2023

No changes have been made.

## Social Media
<span>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Discord&message=Antique%239837&color=blueviolet"/>
  <a href="https://reddit.com/u/antique_codes">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Reddit&message=%40antique_codes&color=red"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://twitch.tv/official_antique">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Twitch&message=official_antique&color=blueviolet"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/antique_codes">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Twitter&message=%40antique_codes&color=blue"/>
  </a>
</span>
